okay so there's a couple of things that
I'm going to talk about in this video
such as how to create curls without heat
my really natural looking everyday
foundation routine and some other little
tips in between so let's just jump right
in before i started my makeup I pinned
up my hair into pin curls and then
spritz them with a little bit of water
by the time we're done with our makeup
the hair will have dried and be ready to
be taken down start by moisturizing your
lips with a lip balm or for an extra
punch of moisture try a tiny drop of
argan oil you can use this stuff for so
much I've even mixed it together with
sugar before to create a really nice
hydrating lip scrub click on the like
button if you want a tutorial for that
because I can do that too if you wear
makeup you're definitely familiar with
the laugh lines that you know happen
around your mouth that foundation just
exaggerated and it makes you look 10 and
20 years older than you are what I
recommend doing to fix that is start off
by dabbing on some eyeshadow primer to
that area it prevents your eye shadows
from creasing and believe me it'll help
your foundation not crease either so my
foundation routine doesn't even involve
foundation but these concealers are
Maybelline one in a shade that matches
my skin tone and another that's a little
bit lighter taking the matching one I'm
going to start by dabbing a few little
dots just to wherever the redness is on
my face
to blend this all out i'm using a flat
top foundation brush but you can even
use a blush brush whatever you have and
after you're all done blending
everything in you can just spot conceal
whatever needs some coverage sometimes I
try not to conceal every little spot
because I want my skin to look
believable so if you have freckles and
things like that kind of you know let
those things show through they're really
cute anyway if you have really stubborn
dark circles into your eyes before you
apply any concealer you'll want to first
cancel out any of the blue undertones to
do this all you have to do is just dab
something orange or a salmon-colored
over the area i'm using a little bit of
an orange lipstick you only want to use
a touch of it not really too much at all
then you can go ahead and take your
lighter concealer and go over the under
eye area and even bring it down a little
bit onto the cheeks by the sides of the
nose creating a sort of triangular shape
and then just go ahead and blend it out
this is going to add light and dimension
to the face go ahead and set all this in
place with some powder but try to just
focus on the areas where you get the
shiniest throughout the day I then went
ahead and applied a pink blush to the
apples of the cheeks just to bring more
life to the face now what we did before
was we took out the redness and really
we're just essentially reapplying it
where we want it to be make sure to
blend it out really well using the brush
that you use before to apply your
foundation concealer and you'll know
you're doing it right when you're not
really able to tell where the blush
begins and ends that's how you can get a
really nice natural sort of look okay so
this is my favorite step the
highlighting part i'm using this liquid
highlighter on the tops of my cheekbones
and blending it out with my fingers
using more of a dabbing motion just to
not move the makeup underneath too much
I even went ahead and added some down
the bridge of the nose and underneath
the highest points of the brows and when
the inner corners the eye is just a
little bit I just like the natural sheen
that it gives and it just adds such
freshness to the look
you can set the highlighting liquid and
place a little touch of highlighting
powder
next curl your lashes and tight line
your eyes with tight lining is is
basically just lining the inner part of
your top lash line and it looks kind of
scary and it might feel a little bit
weird at first but you'll get used to it
this is just going to make your lashes
look so much fuller then go ahead and
apply mascara it go for a lengthening
one when I'm going for a natural look
and then finishing up you can blot away
the argan oil from your lips but for me
it mostly soaked into them and then I
just jumped right into Lipstein use a
little at a time and blend it win with
your fingers what I love about lip
stains is that they don't transfer and
they last a really really long time and
they look really natural now a bombshell
effortless or not should always have
soft skin and I'm the type of person
where I really hate using moisturizers
and lotions but when it comes to the
wintertime your skin just gets really
dry especially for me on my legs so I
like to apply a little bit of lotion to
any bare skin and this one smells really
really nice it's the blood orange one by
Pacifica smells great ok so we're
moisturize we're fabulous the makeup son
let's start taking down the hair the
waves and curls are pretty imperfect
which is exactly what I want it looks
really effortless really natural love
this kind of look now what you can do to
set this all in place is spritz it with
a little bit of hairspray I'm using big
sexy hair because it also adds a bit of
volume i spritz the hairspray bit over
my head and just kind of let it all fall
down onto the hair that way it sets
everything it does what it's supposed to
do but it still keeps everything really
soft and touchable if you want an extra
kick of volume what you can do is just
flip your head upside down give it a
good toss ole and spray some hairspray
into it then when you flip your head
back up voila bombshell hair
you
keeping with the low maintenance theme I
painted my nails is really light beige
II color I just like how it looks really
clean and fresh and that's the finished
look really effortless really simple
doesn't take up a lot of time it's you
but better just pressure and prettier so
I really hope you enjoyed this tutorial
thank you so much for watching and I
look forward to talking to you again
very very soon
you